SUCSS Meeting 19/11/18


### Attendance 
- Josh P
- Josh C
- Laurie
- George
- Phoebe
- Tim
- Will Barber

### Apologies 

### Absent
- Dan

### Agenda

- Past event feedback
- This weeks event
- Future events before Christmas
- Committee attendence


## Meeting

### Past event feedback
- nmap
    - done at last minute
    - some of the stuff didnt work
    - need to redo the slides for next year
        - amap, etc... are not needed
        - most of the stuff can be done with nmap

- MWR
    - it was ok
    - talk was interesting
    - no practical stuff, needs to be more interactive

- Missed session
    - Need to organise further ahead

- PHD CTF
    - Kept talks short
    - Needs more prep time, everything done last minute
    - Needs better communication with the dept


### Future events before Christmas

- Wireshark (this wednesday 21/11/18)
    - We have split up the tasks and distributed these to people


- PGP department run event
    - Josh C is contacting sarah about this
    - She wanted to move this back a week?
    - We are removing the PGP section from this
    - It will be advertised as a careers event


- ?
- Christmas CTF
