# SUCSS EGM 27/11/2017

#### Committee Present
- Josh Curry (President)
- Jamie Scott (Vice President)
- Laurie Kirkcaldy (Webmaster)
- Tom Charter (Events officer)

#### Unable to contact
- David Young (Secretary)
- Kajusz Dykiel (Tech Officer)

## EGM

Josh suggests we do presentation/manifestos and questions now, do voting at the next session on wednesday.
Or could do EGM another timer - kuba and other people are not availble 100%.

Vote for this ->
* 6 for just today
* 3 for vote in next session

## People running for treasurer
Arihant Kuba
George Tucker
Will Barber

Aggreed upon that we have 3 minutes to talk, 3 quetsions at the end to ALL participants.

### Arihant Kuba 

Lots of people know him
been here for 3 years
doing Msc in Cyberseurity and risk management
had past experiances with dealing with SUSU, been on GameSoc committee - got their cuboard fixed in susu.
aware of funding deadlines
Like to spend the money on getting hardware and stuff liek rubber duckys for SUCSS, and just to generally havae a play around with.

QUESTIONS:

Tom: Give us a further example of a time when you were in a position of responsability.
Was president for SOWN last year, it didn't burn. was also the equipment management - nothing went missing, was also social sec for spaceflight and managed to acquire storage space even with term ending.

Josh: I come up to treasurer, I wanna spend £500 on stuff that marginally not-quite owned by cybersecurity, what would be your reponse on this? 
Would not be accepted unless it was something the society had benefit from. Example -> Gamesoc, they have magic cards worth $$$, committee signed off on selling these cards under Kuba's ebay, was not happy with this as there would not be any tracability to this coming back to the society. 

Laurie: What's you're favourite programming language.
No response

Jamie: if you were a crayon , what colour would you be and why?
It's a crayon, so it's colours in terms of paint rather than light - they interact differently. I would like to be white as it allows me to blend with any other colour equally.

George: What are your thoughts on cryptocurrency.
As a thing, I think it's overused - everyone wants to use it as everyone uses it and it's new. I don't think it's a good idea to invest or mine.
Can make a risk register to say why!

### Will Barber
I'm will, I'm new to cyberseucirty but have experiance with other computer networking stuff. Like to see SUCSS suceed more and get bigger and better. Have had other roles and handle large sums of moneys - charities at home with accounting.

Jamie: if you were a crayon , what colour would you be and why?
Colours represent how you are seen by the people, yellow.

Josh: In our committee, the way we run events is quite haphazardly, would you be happy being part of the events and making stuff for them?
Yes

Josh: I come up to treasurer, I wanna spend £500 on stuff that marginally not-quite owned by cybersecurity, what would be your reponse on this? 
Only if it directly benefits the society.

Laurie: What's you're favourite programming language.
C

### Rory Kelly

Tried cyberseurity in first year, like for the society to be sucessfull even with a lot of the committee graduating. Has been webmaster for other socities building stuff from scratch. Hasn't had much experiance with other funding and moneys stuff.

Tom: Give us a further example of a time when you were in a position of responsability.
First internships, had to handle a lot of sensitive data and delete it, but didn't - it ended up taking down a production server instead.

Jamie: if you were a crayon , what colour would you be and why?
Purple, favourite colour

Josh: I come up to treasurer, I wanna spend £500 on stuff that marginally not-quite owned by cybersecurity, what would be your reponse on this? 
Would haveto benefit the society of course, but no. Could put it to committee vote?

Josh: In our committee, the way we run events is quite haphazardly, would you be happy being part of the events and making stuff for them?
Can make time free, so happy to.

Laurie: What's you're favourite programming language.
Javascript

### Victor Barzin
1st year, doing ocmputer science, hadn't had experience with lots of money. Have had a sysadmin job - lots of personal data. 

Sysadmin, managed lots of private data without it being leaked.
Python
Wouldn't give you the money
(events)Of course
Red



Votes: Will won
AGM is in March
Would like to add quorum to constition

Josh: In march, we a doing InterAce2018, we're gonna be running selections for it - a challenge will be emailed.
We can send 2 teams of 4, the teams from last year probably won't be able to make it, so we should have a good number of free slots (4-5)

Tom: also doing a Soft Shell and Fleece orders, £20 and £15 respectively.

## Constition Changes
Vote: 9 for, 0 against
