---
title: SUCSS Committee Meeting Minutes
date: 2018-05-14
author: Dan Trickey
---

## Welcome / Apologies

- People Present:
    - Josh Curry
    - George Tucker
    - Jamie Scott
    - Josh Perriman
    - Dan Trickey
    - Laurie Kirkcaldy
    - Will Barber
    - Tom Charter
    - Phoebe Frere
    - Tim Stallard (Late)
    - Mohammed Nawabuddin (Late)

Meeting commences at 14:05

## Handover from previous committee

### Bank Account

Jamie needs to sign the account over to the new treasurer. Jamie also needs to sit down with Josh P and go through the paperwork. The £2000 grant that Izzy Whistlecroft obtained in November was invoiced to the account by William Barber in December. The money was received in the account in February.

Jamie has been repaid for domain name fees for the past 2 years.

### Social Media

Josh C has now added everybody to the social media pages and has generated passwords for the Blog / Wiki.

Josh C needs to give George access to the sucss@soton account

*ACTION POINT* Josh C needs to distribute passwords.  
*DISCUSSION POINT* Do we need to / want to move the blog?

### Website

Jamie to go through the website details with George.

DNS and Domain Registrar need to be transferred. This will happen at a later date.

*ACTION POINT* George and Jamie to agree a time to meet.

### GitHub

Josh C has invited everybody to the GitHub organisation.

Josh C is going to try and get private repositories on the organisation to work on CTFs in.

### Mailing Lists

Josh C to update the `committee@sucss.org` mailing list

### Misc

Josh C to introduce Phoebe to Andrea.

We need to setup a central place to put slides.

There is a samba share and previous slides are available on the website.  
Directory listing is turned off because we don't want the MWR slides publicly available.  
Alternatively the slides could be held behind http auth.

SUCSS Google Drive Shared folder  
*ACTION POINT* Josh or Jamie to share it with people

## Merch

Sticker order has not gone through, Josh C is doing it soon.

Mohammed is going to sort this and will be here throughout June.

- Hoodies
    - About £20-25 each
    - Price depends on what we have on them
- Softshells
    - Cost about twice as much

A poll will be run to find out what people want.

- Josh C is going to mock up designs and send out.
- In terms of payment, cash is easiest. Josh P is happy to receive money.
- We need to remember VAT
- Order period throughout exams, send order around 10/6

## Room for next year

We are quite happy with this year's one in 67. Josh C to book a room.  
We should also enquire about the storage cupboard behind it.

## Inventory

Nobody knows who the extension leads belong to. Jamie currently holds them.

*ACTION POINT* Dan to setup an inventory  
*ACTION POINT* Find the other WiFi equipment

## Sessions

### This Week

No session to be held this week.

### Ideas

- Hashcat
    - Jamie is interested in holding this.
    - *ACTION POINT* Jamie to liaise with Phoebe / Dan about this.
- Denis Session
    - Jamie suggests buying a load of old ones on ebay.
    - Post exams
- MiFare
    - Cyber Security Group have some Yale MiFare locks

### The Future

*ACTION POINT* Dan to setup a Google Form and Sheet

- Castle Project
    - This is a replica of the iSolutions network
    - It is used for training
    - Jamie is going to get Josh a contact for it

## Flag Tracker

- Flag Tracker is going to be moved onto the web server.
- Committee are not allowed to compete
- Soton ADFS auth will be added.
- Data is going to be reset and an archive of 2017-18 to be made

## Misc

Josh C and Dan are meeting Reena on Wednesday about running sessions for outreach.
